Week 1
Group formed. I created the Jira and GitHub accounts. I included main user stories into Jira backlog and we had our first group meeting, during the meetings we discussed the potential novel features, confirmed with the team on the tools and languages that we are going to use for the project. We discussed the tasks for each member till next meeting.

Week 2
I had a meeting with frontend teams and Lingyu, during the meeting we decided the UI prototype. I started the landing page UI development and finished the navbar and title section. We discussed each individual's task for project proposal during the second group meeting, and I did some research on the similar systems to search for their drawbacks.

Week 3
I completed the storyboard with Yuanda and Jane, and finished came up with customer report novel feature. Yuanda and I worked together to finish the system comparison and novel feature justification part in the proposal. I also formatted the proposal doc on top of the formats finished by Lingyu. 

Week 4
I completed the signin and signup pages, as well as landing page, event detail page, and dashboard page UI designs. 

Week 5
I completed the API connection for signin and signup using email, and connected to firebase for google signin. I also fixed the hook handler for Event Post page.

Week 6
I completed the Review components and finished the API integration. I also attended the group meeting with other members to add story points to our sprint2 user stories, and allocate tasks to all members.

Week 7
I added password and email validations, started working on the seat plan creation by the host.

Week 8
I finished the seat plan creation for the host and also finished the API integration, attended group meetings, added date-range-picker in the search omponent and fixed the code for search page to be more generalised and re-producable. I presented the demo for our project and participated in the report writing.

Week 9
I worked on the checkout API integration and seat selection for customers, and created the page for reports, included few charts and table templates, added banner images and restyled some of the components

Week 10
I finished all the rest of API integration including ticket refund, event cancellation and user reports. Further adjusted the styles of some components. I worked on the final report and demo with group members